it's Christmas morning in a Mustang
world for those of us that are training
for the 2013 extreme Mustang makeover in
Swedesboro New Jersey myself
Ashley wench and Jennifer long will pick
up horses along with 40-plus other
trainers and we'll have a hundred and
twenty days to take a wild animal and
turn it into a show horse she's good
we'll see what she looks like when she
gets fit she looks like a nice horse
when I saw Lucy up in Lorton for the
first time we pulled onto the property
and I drove by the pen and I saw this
gigantic chestnut mare and I looked at
her and I said I pity the poor son of a
gun that gets that horse and so they
handed me on my paperwork and I looked
at the number and I started going around
the pins and I looked and I realized
that that horse was the one I got and
she was a handful from day one we've got
this large horse with an assertive
attitude and she's a wild mustang at the
same time so all those things combined
made her a very difficult animal to work
with even though you're scared on the
inside that you could get hurt or thrown
or kicked or whatever you have to be
brave so the horse is brave because they
can feel your energy so if you're scared
the horse will get scared I had to
pretend to be really brave a whole lot
and every horse is different every horse
is unique they're all there just like
people and the more I've learned the
more I realize I just don't know a lot
about them and I'm just excited about
learning for the rest of my life those
trainers in group 2 we're about 10
minutes away from starting your session
group two trainers should be getting
ready please and reminder to all of our
trainers the covered arena is not open
hadn't cried the entire time not from
when I fell not from being frustrated
almost from frustration but I didn't and
when I dismounted and I knew that she
was no longer mine and she was going
away I I cried all the tears that I had
saved up
not even an extremely impeccable bond
with her she came along in my life at a
time where I needed her and she needed
me she went to a good home and I'm okay
with it but it was very very hard having
a wild animal that you can't even touch
the first day you get it and to what she
was the last day at the show is just
phenomenal the bond is just it's it's so
hard to explain I like would cry and
then I'd be okay and then I'd cry again
and then I'd be okay and then I'd cry
again and of course I cried last week
too it was hard to let go of something
that you loved so dearly because they
take a part of you with them because you
put so much of your heart into it
all righty gotta go down and use lot
number 13 is number 13 is a Trixie for
you a chest up